Also as with function expressions with class expressions you can choose to do an anonymous class expression
as we've done here or you can choose to give it a name like so you could call this person class to like
so.
And then after that if we go down here and we do let's say a Type Of Person class 2 you're going to
see that it says undefined.
So in other words this identifier that we gave our class expression only exists inside of the class
definition.
So that way our class methods can access it outside of this body right here outside of this class definition.
This binding doesn't exist so that way you can't access it but you can access it from within this class
right here.